they just said that but I mean how many
rape jokes like overall do you have
sometimes I say the rape or is it no
bits I mean really just that one raped
it's a long bit though so it's a lot of
jokes within it and I'm being raped in
the joke most of the time okay so that's
you know that's that's why it's a guy
right it helps but I you know I don't
want I don't want to ruin the bit either
but I think you have to I respect the
fact that people can be triggered but
it's a very strange thing to me because
for me I'm always trying to find
something really funny from this dark
shit right whether it's a personal
experience or whatever it is and the way
we're looking at as comics is we're
trying to find something really positive
out of something really shitty and then
you're like a movie which is just there
may be some fucked up scene there's
nothing I mean look it's a positive rise
to the content a get to one person
talking yeah I know it's a scene you're
watching people act out a scene you're
right there's something very personal
about one person talking that's why this
is mean it's not this is how some people
would look at it like you should talk
about things that you really care about
while you're doing that mmm cuz you only
have a certain amount of time to do it
you know and some sometimes sometimes
sometimes you you have a bit it's just
not worth it you know like the way
people react to it it's just like you
know even though you have a point it's
like even working this bit out people
getting so upset it's almost not worth
it no it has to be a net positive the
crowd has to be laughing so there's no
you know I'm okay I will defend
somebody's right to tell a shitty joke
you know I'm saying but at the same time
I understand if as a performer you have
to gauge the audience and put your
finger in the air and go okay which way
is the wind blowing right now the
reality is you can't say things you used
to say you can't say faggot on stage
anymore in a crowd in New York or LA you
can't say that word the crowd will
tighten up and shut down you'll ruin the
rest of whatever that joke is so it's
it's obviously haven't seen Diaz
recently he's awesome say whatever he
wants but I at a point I oh I would you
know I have a joke about you know my
my dog I used to say my faggot dog
because he's looking another male dogs
asshole in the joke and and people would
shut down at that word and it's really
too much with in New York in LA that's
where the biggest faggots live the rest
of the country is cool if you go
anywhere else they don't really give a
shit about words like that but in New
York and LA it's become a particularly
hard thing to you know there's certain
words and certain things it's not even
the content necessarily just those words
that sort of set people's censors off
well there's always going to be a bunch
of words like that what's really
interesting is what does happen when you
stop people from saying it because it's
kind of counterintuitive because those
words become these forbidden words take
more power it's they have so much more
power if you don't and I don't just I
just don't think you ever get to tell
people that you can't say certain words
they used to be able to say all the time
you know I mean the idea behind those
words is still the same like if you say
to someone you shouldn't say retarded
anymore even though that used to be like
a term that they would use for things
being slower like their growth being
slower their growth was retarded but now
if you even use as a technical term like
in the growth was retarded people get
upset at you yeah don't use that anymore
now that's a forbidden sound even if it
doesn't mean what they think it means
we're talking about a person with Down
syndrome they don't like hearing the R
word yeah you talked about in your
special I thought was a great bit where
you're like just these sounds from your
face like what do we yeah what are we
doing it's just you're making these
different sounds with your mouth so
you're yeah it's just sounds well it's a
it's a byproduct of speech being a
shitty way to really clearly convey
intent and that's why when someone is
good at speaking their mind we kind of
get we get a real sense of we enjoy it
someone's good at speaking their mind
but if someone sucks at speaking their
mind you know if they're if they're
they're clunky at it then it's not
enjoyable yeah
yeah I agree and there's too many people
that there's no barrier of entry and
we're exposed to a lot of horseshit very
quickly now whereas like I think back in
the day comedians had time to grow in a
club you know Bob Saget right Bob Zak it
was like a dirty fucking filthy comic
who ended up getting on
the cleanest television show ever right
the dad you know Danny Tanner was you
know but then you if there was cell
phones out back then he would have never
gotten that gig well I think he stopped
doing stand-up for a long time because
that too right yeah I think I can stand
up while he was doing that show I might
be wrong but if he did do it maybe he
did like a and a bridge yeah you know a
pg-13 version or something yeah you know
if I don't know Matt's is it worth it he
knows it worth it censoring I mean I
think one day it seems like the more
time goes on the more words they're
sneaking into network television you
hear like shit every now and then I
think I think you're allowed to say shit
an asshole on a network show now yeah it
was like a big episode once on something
is a shit in my asshole though no you
can't say that you know that's just -
you call somebody a dick but you can't
refer to your dick that's the idea right
yeah yeah yeah you can call someone a
pussy I think even - which is weird you
know that one's on the way out yeah
that's your feminizing a man and now
that's offensive to women fuck you bitch
now that's it I'm calling my buddy a
pussy and you get to take the offense on
that that's some crazy woman shit that's
actually right there that's how crazy
women are it's not how crazy women are
it's how crazy some women are it's like
like some men are fucking crazy - you're
just dealing with a giant number of
people but if people find a little thing
where they can pick on it and go after
it like that yeah
I don't know there's nothing there's no
it's very funny to me there's no words
feminizing that could possibly offend me
that could ever right